docs: split files into subfolders (#2257)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/package/plugins.rst

=========================
Plugin Internal Machinery
=========================

.. important::

>    This section contains modules and classes used by Sopel internally. They are
>    subject to rapid changes between versions. They are documented here for
>    completeness, and for the aid of Sopel’s core development.

Reviewer: Try this on for size?

```suggestion
   This section contains modules and classes used by Sopel internally. They are
   subject to rapid changes between versions, without advance warning. This
   section exists primarily for the aid of Sopel’s core development.
```
